hey youtube I can be reviewing my you
Harrier that I got from Target for 999
and it came with two boards you can see
and a movie connectors and a tool
overall I read it like an 8 out of 10
yeah it's pretty good if you see if you
see those like black rubber ones those
are probably better but please keep your
stuff inside so I've never had one of
those black arrange things so yeah okay
um it's pretty realistic like you can
see the cracks and stuff like there's a
fedex on here there's a space where you
could connect you're right it's
disconnected yeah came with two decks i
bought the Powell one cuz if I look cool
oh yeah okay or tiny rulers all right
wait don't go get it
okay I don't have a real right now with
me stuff but it's about four fingers up
high and see their hands links like link
that's linked yeah okay I'd really had I
would recommend this to anyone like who
travels a lot and like like 20 who
tangled which house a lot because like
you can hold her stuff in and it can
like has space for one deck like one
deck and then one complete so yeah and
it's candy but it if there's a lot like
that so I prefer to use a double sided
tape you can get some like head of
crafts those and just like put them down
or can use those non studies so does it
probably work better because those are
actually not for fingerboarding
so yeah and hmm what else will there's
nothing really I also say about it
except that it's like it's really I
would really recommend it to you but
whatever that's it yes it's worth the
price 999 I bought that target but like
it might be more expensive I get towed
you lost or something i have a check so
yeah okay okay next always reviewing my
tech deck or my homemade longboard yeah
um it's not really that great on bottom
it's rasta card and it has the king pin
holes here can see that yeah yeah um I
took the trucks out because I need it
for another board but yeah and it just
has regular grip tape
North can I thinks whatever you go just
really matter and I i don't know i found
the wood but i just cut it out and I
made it to longboard shape I might want
to sell this so if you want it does
private message me how long is this
about my hands length and
it's this much wider than the technique
and the holes are drilled in perfectly
so if you don't I mean the hole drilled
in perfectly so here there is no problem
putting in the trucks yeah and there's
one centimeter there's a once I'm can we
got from each side so yeah you could
send it down more if you buy because all
it doesn't really matter can't really do
tricks on it yeah and there's no lack or
to link it's old-school so yeah that's
nice pop I can't do anything so yeah all
right and for the Harrier if you are
some people who actually like insects
like a quarterpipe sparring ramp
whatever well you can't really do it on
this hair here because I see that they
can't do it because blocks it I'm going
up I really recommended and how would
probably sell this for like maybe five
dollars it's really cheap okay okay calm
rate and subscribe